Chore(ArrayField): add support for `storeKey` to manage independent selection states (#10390)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/ArrayField.md

```
{% endraw %}

## `storeKey`

By default, `ArrayField` stores the selection state in localStorage so users can revisit the page and find the selection preserved. The key for storing this state is based on the resource name, formatted as `${resource}.selectedIds`.

When displaying multiple lists with the same data source, you may need to distinguish their selection states. To achieve this, assign a unique `storeKey` to each `ArrayField`. This allows each list to maintain its own selection state independently.

> In the example below, two `ArrayField` components display the same data source (`books`), but each stores its selection state under a different key (`books.selectedIds` and `custom.selectedIds`). This ensures that both components can coexist on the same page without interfering with each other's state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, two `ArrayField` components display the same data source (`books`), but each stores its selection state under a different key (`customOne.selectedIds` and `customTwo.selectedIds`). This ensures that both components can coexist on the same page without interfering with each other's state.
```
